The question that we are answering through eq.py is "Where was each earthquake located (according to latitude and longitude) and what was each's relative intensity (according to magnitude)?" We also explore questions such as the total amount of earthquakes within the data set, the largest and smallest applicable magnitude within the data set, and the mean, median, mode, and range of the earthquakes within the data set. However, this additional information was only generated for the purpose of identifying things to answer the main question and to provide background information and a demonstration of other ideas that we might possibly explore if we were to more deeply analyze the data set that we used.

In terms of answering the main question, we determined where each earthquake was located according to its latitude and longitude. These two parameters are, of course, relative to the window dimensions and the scaling of the initial X1, Y1, X2, and Y2 values. We determined each earthquake's intensity according to its magnitude and we presupposed a range of values to determine the color that each earthquake would represent on the map in relation to the other earthquakes. For example, if the earthquake was the least intense within the data set, then we assigned it a color of "dark green"; if the earthquake was the most intense within the data set, then we assigned it a color of "purple". For every other definition within the loop we used to define these ranges, they also have different colors in order to be perceived as "tiers" of intensities within the overall earthquake magnitude data set. 

We learned quite a few things from the result of this assignment. In terms of programming, we learned how to process files and plot them along an image file, along with retrieving different properties of the data set, such as the mean, median, mode, and range. In terms of the earthquake data set we used, we learned that earthquakes along the Northern hemisphere tend to be more mild than the ones along the Southern one, especially prominent when comparing regions such as North America and South America.

The most major function we would have wanted to implement would have been a more explicit labeling of the largest and smallest magnitudes. This would allow for an easier interpretation of such data, as there are 1644 earthquakes in the data set that we used, making it very difficult to find those points on the image. We would have done this by introducing some sort of object to surround the minimum and maximum magnitudes in our code. Additionally, but this is more minute, we would have wanted to focus exclusively on the Americas, but this seemingly required either a zooming function or an exclusion of other data that would require further scaling of the world map that we used.